feat(curriculum): add steps for employee profile generator workshop (#64896)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-employee-profile-generator/69727ea5c9606bedfe36d3d2.md

---
id: 69727ea5c9606bedfe36d3d2
title: Step 15
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-15
---

# --description--

> Now let's add the final details to the card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now it's time to add the final details to the card.
```

Create a variable named `position` with the value of the string `Data Analyst` and a variable named `salary` with the value of the integer `75000`.

Then, update your `employee_card` f-string to include the age, position, and salary. It should follow this exact format:

`Employee: {full_name} | Age: {employee_age} | Position: {position} | Salary: ${salary}`

Finally, print `employee_card` to see the result.

# --hints--

You should create a variable `position` with the value `'Data Analyst'`.

```js
({ test: () => assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).find_variable("position").is_equivalent("position = 'Data Analyst'")`)) })
```

You should create a variable `salary` with the value `75000`.

```js
({ test: () => assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).find_variable("salary").is_equivalent("salary = 75000")`)) })
```

> You should update `employee_card` to match the required format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should update `employee_card` to use the f-string `f'Employee: {full_name} | Age: {employee_age} | Position: {position} | Salary: ${salary}'`.
```
